---
title: 'StocksToBuyNow App Privacy Policy and EULA'
excerpt: 'StocksToBuyNow AI App: Know what Stocks to Buy Now with AI, Economic & Social Tools'
seoExcerpt: 'StocksToBuyNow AI App: Know what Stocks to Buy Now with AI, Economic & Social Tools'
coverImage: '/assets/blog/preview/cover.jpg'
date: '2023-03-16T05:35:07.322Z'
author:
  name: 'Stocker Team'
  picture: '/assets/blog/authors/stockstobuynow.png'
ogImage:
  url: '/assets/blog/preview/cover.jpg'
---

### Disclosure

&nbsp;

Investing is Risky.

&nbsp;

Never invest what you can't afford to lose.

&nbsp;

Always diversify your positions to maximize your average chance of winning, minimize your risk: do not put all your eggs in the same basket.

&nbsp;

Hellotocker AI is a safe playground to practise and learn with virtual money, if you trade with your real money you are at risk of loss.

&nbsp;

Build some understanding with virtual money: we do not recommend taking real life risks.

&nbsp;

AI recommendations are non financial advise and cannot be guaranteed.

&nbsp;


### 1. Purpose of this Privacy Policy 

&nbsp;


 This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You, and reminds You of your rights under GDPR.

&nbsp;

 We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

&nbsp;



### 2. Who are we and what do we do

&nbsp;

 Stocker is a mobile application that enables users to share socio politics as well as economical and financial insights and ideas to each other. Users on our platform can also access financial analytics and direct messaging systems that enables them to have full market transparency as well as live chat on public channels.

&nbsp;


### 3. How to contact us

&nbsp;

 By [email](mailto:support@hellostocker.com) or in the app directly.

&nbsp;


### 4. Interpretation and Definitions

&nbsp;

 The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

&nbsp;

 For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

&nbsp;


Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Stocker.
Company referred to as either \the Company\, \We\, \Us\ or \Our\ in this Agreement) refers to Stocker, 90 St. Georges Square.
Country refers to: United Kingdom.
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.



&nbsp;

### 5. What personal information do we collect

&nbsp;

  Type of data collected: 

&nbsp;

 While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.

&nbsp;

 Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

&nbsp;

\- Email address

&nbsp;

\- Phone number

&nbsp;

\- Usage Data

&nbsp;

\- Application Usage Data



&nbsp;

 Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
 Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

&nbsp;

 When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

&nbsp;

 These collections are made via third party Google Analytics and Firebase Analytics.

&nbsp;

 We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

&nbsp;

 Information Collected while Using the Application

&nbsp;

 While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:

&nbsp;

 Pictures and other information from your Device's camera and photo library

&nbsp;

 We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company's servers andor a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on Your device.

&nbsp;

 You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.


&nbsp;


### 6. How do we use your personal information

&nbsp;

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:



To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.

To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.

For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.

For marketing purposes: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.

To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.

Client insight and analysis: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

&nbsp;


### 7. Who do we share your personal information with, and for which occasions

&nbsp;

For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.

With Google Analytics Service Provider: We may share Your personal information with Google and Firebase Analytics to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.

With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.


&nbsp;

### 8. How long do we keep your personal information for

&nbsp;

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.


&nbsp;

### 9. How to access your information and your other rights

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Deletion and or modification of your Personal Data

&nbsp;

The full history of your information, including personal data, can be deleted andor modified on your request at any time. The request can be done directly in the profile settings page of the mobile application.

&nbsp;

You can contact us by [email](mailto:support@hellostocker.com).

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Users can delete their account in the app using these steps:

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

- From your portfolio tap your user profile on the top right to access your profile page,

&nbsp;

- From your user profile page you can click on settings.

&nbsp;

- Scroll down and click on « End User License Agreement ».

&nbsp;

- Scroll down and click on Delete Account. It will take care of deleting the account and clearing all the data collected!


Transfer of Your Personal Data

&nbsp;

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

### 10. EULA: End User License Agreement

&nbsp;

&nbsp;


You agree not to post or upload any User Content to the Service that is or could be interpreted to be:

(i) abusive, bullying, defamatory, harassing, harmful, hateful, inaccurate, infringing, libelous, objectionable, obscene, offensive, pornographic, shocking, threatening, unlawful, violent, vulgar, or in violation of any applicable laws (including laws related to speech);

&nbsp;

(ii) promoting any product, good, or service, or bigotry, discrimination, hatred, intolerance, racism, or inciting violence (including suicide) (collectively, “Objectionable Content”).


We have no tolerance for Objectionable Content or abusive users, and will remove any Objectionable Content within 24 hours.

&nbsp;

The Posting of any Objectionable Content may subject you to third party claims and none of the rights granted to you in this EULA may be raised as a defense against such third party claims. If you encounter any Objectionable Content on the Service, then please immediately email support@hellostocker.com. We may, in our sole discretion,  take any actions we deem necessary and/or appropriate against any User who Posts Objectionable Content on the Service.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Deletion and or modification of your personal data

&nbsp;

The full history of your information, including personal data, can be deleted andor modified on your request at any time. The request can be done directly in the profile settings page of the mobile application.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

You can contact us by [email](mailto:support@hellostocker.com).

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Users can delete their account in the app using these steps:

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

- From your portfolio tap your user profile on the top right to access your profile page,

&nbsp;

- From your user profile page you can click on settings.

&nbsp;

- Scroll down and click on « End User License Agreement ».

&nbsp;

- Scroll down and click on Delete Account. It will take care of deleting the account and clearing all the data collected!

&nbsp;



### 11. Disclosure of Your Personal Data



Business Transactions: If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

Law enforcement: Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements: The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company:Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability

### 12. Security of Your Personal Data

 The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.


### 13. Children's Privacy

 Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

 If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.


### 14. Links to Other Websites

 Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

 We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.


### 15. Changes to this Privacy Policy

 We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

 We will let You know via email andor a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the &quot;Last updated&quot; date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

 You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

 

 If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by [email](mailto:support@hellostocker.com) or in the app directly.


### Disclosure

&nbsp;

Investing is Risky.

&nbsp;

Never invest what you can't afford to lose.

&nbsp;

Always diversify your positions to maximize your average chance of winning, minimize your risk: do not put all your eggs in the same basket.

&nbsp;

Hellotocker AI is a safe playground to practise and learn with virtual money, if you trade with your real money you are at risk of loss.

&nbsp;

Build some understanding with virtual money: we do not recommend taking real life risks.

&nbsp;

AI recommendations are non financial advise and cannot be guaranteed.

&nbsp;


 